But as you can see, when it does work,
we are getting back those things.
So now we got to find a way to
keep this consistent, parse this,
extract it and
then add it to our database.
So, going down that thought of
basically giving it a schema,
we're gonna use some JavaScript schema
library to create the schema for us, and
then create this prompt for us,
so we don't have to create it.
We'll just write code, and
that code will generate this prompt
with the schema embedded into it.
And we'll get it back every single time,
and
we'll just get back a JavaScript
object from this versus like a string.
Sound pretty cool, right, yeah, all right.
So let's do that, and
that's kind of what langchain is for.
So few things here,
we need to install something.
We need to install something called Zod,
you've never heard of Zod?
Best way I could describe it is,
it's just a schema library.
You could just make schemas in JavaScript.
That's basically it,
it's probably the most popular one,
I'll just show you what it looks like,
okay.
I hate when people don't put
examples in their README, I get it.
You spend a lot of time on the website,
it's nice.
But just put one example in the README.
So, that's a good example,
okay, here we go.
It looks something like this, right?
So you can make a schema,
you can give it like, what types.
Here's a better one.
So you can make a schema
that represents a user.
It's an object that has a username,
it's type of string.
We're basically gonna do that, all right?
So get into our code,
we'll import Z from Zod like so.
And then we need to import a few
other things from langchain, but
let's just work on the schema for now.
So let's just say schema = z., actually,
no, there's a,
we're gonna use langchain right now.
I forgot langchain has a plug-in for
Zyde that we're gonna use so
we don't have to do it manually.
So we're gonna import, from langchain,
this one's going to be there.
Where is it,
I think it's like output parsers.
Yeah, I think it's just from
output parsers, and that's Zod.
I'll see they changed all their imports.
Let's go look at the docs, Let's see.
I'll put parsers underneath prompts,
I'll put parser, Here we go,
it is called yeah, structured output
parser and then .from Zod Schema.
Yeah, that's way different
than what it used to be.
So structured output parser.
And then basically what we're gonna do is
just make this parser that takes in a Zod
object.
So what we can do is we can say, make
our parser here, structured output part.
Structured output parser.fromZodSchema.
And then we can just kinda create our
.schema, so the way it's gonna work,
all we have to do is, in our case, it's an
object with those four properties on it.
But we have to add this describe here.
This describe is what langchain is
gonna use to write the prompt for us.
So this is the description that you
wanna tell GPT what this field is.
So you're only describing this field,
whereas,
if you look at the prompt that I wrote,
I kind of described the whole thing.
I was like,
this is what the whole thing looks like.
What we're gonna be doing is we're
only gonna be describing each
field individually.
I didn't do that, I just said, give me
the summary, the mood, the subject.
But I didn't describe what the mood was,
I did describe what the summary was.
So it probably could have did a better job
at that if I gave it a better description.
So that's what we're gonna do.
So inside of our AI,
we're gonna make a z.object.
It's gonna have a mood and
then mood's gonna be
a z.string, and we're gonna say .describe.
So here,
all we have to do is just describe, yes.
>> Kinda an opinion question,
but can you experience so
far, at what point,
at what level of complexity or
usage do you find it's worth it to switch
over to using a structured output parser?
Be it Zod or another one,
when using langchain or
an API to connect with an LLM?
Is it really just like don't
leave home without it or
is there a certain level of complexity
at which point you really do want to
just be structuring and
parsing your JSON, you get back?
>> Yeah, for the most part I think
the most use cases out there probably
aren't doing structured outputs,
they're doing natural language outputs.
So they're using open AI to get back
a natural language in which they do for
semantic searching, they render
documentation, they do text-to-voice.
So for
them they don't want structured output, so
I would say that's probably most of it for
the people doing structured output.
If you're generating anything
that has any type of formatting,
you're gonna need this.
There's this, well, I mean, technically
we're still relying on prompt engineering.
This thing's just making a prompt for us.
There's been other advancements
that people have created to like
get structured output.
The best way to do it is to do something
called fine-tuning, where you can train,
so if you think about an LLM,
let's say it's 99% trained.
You can train the last 1% of it,
to do a very specific thing, you can say,
here is a prompt that I will give you.
And here's the output I would
expect you to give me, and
I'm gonna give you
200,000 examples of that.
And then now you know exactly what
the format that I'm looking for
when I asked for something specifically.
So you can fine tune OpenAPI as well, and
OpenAI I will give you a custom model ID
that you can use to make API calls to.
So you could do that.
There's also something called,
Yeah, that's mostly it.
There's another thing but
it's kind of complicated.
So I'm not gonna get into it.
But fine tuning, finding another model,
or in this case,
prompt engineering is what we're doing.
But we're using the tool to help us a
profit engineering versus having to figure
this out yourself, because there's gonna
be a time where this is going to break,
and I promise you, it will.
Because actually,
when I built this course the first time,
I didn't use the output parts.
I was like, I'm just gonna do this,
it's gonna be fine, and
it worked and it worked.
And then when I got here, it stopped
working, I was okay, this ain't it.
So, cool.
So now we just need to
describe what the mood is.
So I'll show you what,
just so what this looks like,
I'll go to the code that I already
wrote so you can see what I put.
So when I described the mood,
I basically said,
the mood of the person who
wrote the journal entry.
And that's what I described the mood as.
I'm really trying to describe to the AI
what, I think the mood should be in much
detail as I can but
be very brief at the same time.
So in this case,
the mood of the person who wrote
the journal entry is what I wanted to put.
So I'm actually just gonna
put that there as well.
And then for summary, same thing,
z.string.describe.
And for that one I put,
Quick summary of the entire entry.
So I'm going to do that,
Also I had some problems
when I didn't put periods on
the end of these descriptions cuz I think
the way that it can catch them together,
if you don't put a period there it
just creates this run on sentence,
which I think OpenAI can figure out on its
own, but I'd rather not leave it a chance.
So just putting the period there to
let her know that I'm done with that.
And you can try your own descriptions,
you don't have to put these.
And then for, what do we have?
Whether it's negative or not.
This will be z.boolean.describe.
And I put, is the journal entry negative?
And then I put in parentheses.
Example, does it contain
negative emotions?
Question mark.
So this is kind of like a question.
And then I give it a further reason or
further thought to think about,
hey, think about it like this.
Does it contain negative emotions?
And I think I did have to
experiment with this one.
I was not getting back what I thought,
I was given a Boolean but
it was just never right.
I would put in there like,
I'm not feeling good today at all.
I don't wanna get out of bed, and
it was like this isn't negative.
I'm like, no, that's pretty negative,
I don't know.
And then the last one we wanna write for
now will be color.
So for color, we're using a hexadecimal.
So I put a hexadecimal color code that
represents the mood of the entry.
And then I gave it an example of what
a hexadecimal will look like for
a certain mood.
So, I put example this color which is
like blue for representing happiness.
So it knows.
Some I'm gonna do that,
color: z.string.describe.
So this is something that's called like a,
well, if we only wrote just this prompt,
this would be like a one shot,
which basically just means,
I gave it an example of what
I expect the output to be.
This helps with steering.
When you give the AI examples of like,
hey, for instance,
I asked the AI to generate me
a React component and I was like,
here's an example of how
I write React components.
That's me giving it an example
that's called like a one shot,
you can do many shot.
If you don't give an example it's
called a zero shot as in like,
I'm not even gonna tell you how
to do this, just figure it out.
So typically, depending on what
you're asking and what you're doing,
more examples could be better.
Sometimes you don't need them, but
in this case, we're giving an example.
So, cuz I wasn't sure if
just saying hexadecimal,
it was going to give me a hexadecimal.
So I was like,
this is what I mean, I mean this.
So I'm steering it in the direction
that I want to keep it more consistent.
Cool, any questions on this so far?
Yes.
>> I see you set temperature to zero, or
are we gonna talk about temperature later?
>> That's right,
we'll talk about temperature next.
I did say I was gonna get back to that,
okay.
Any other questions on this?
Okay, so temperature I did say
I was gonna talk about this,
the best way I can describe
[LAUGH] temperature.
So basically, whenever you run completion
or inference, there's a bunch of
settings you can tweak to determine how
you get a certain output with most LLMs.
Temperature is one of those settings.
Temperature basically just
describes the variance and
how random the outputs could be.
A temperature of one means, so
think about randomness as like, okay,
if you think about how predictions work.
I'm gonna give you a prompt and
then to be able to predict the next word,
it basically has statistics on, let's say,
the next word that it can write can
be one of these 10 words, right?
And then it ranks those words based off
of how likely each word would be next.
So maybe this word is a 90%
chance this is the next word.
This is a 50% chance,
this is the next word, right?
Temperature basically allows that window
on which it can select to be bigger.
So, let's say temperature is zero,
it'll probably only pick the most
likely things to come next.
But with a temperature of one, you're
like, I don't care, pick any one of those.
Even one that's not likely to come next,
but it's on the radar somewhere,
pick that.
So what does that look like in practice?
It just makes your stuff look and
sound more silly or
more creative is what you would see.
So a higher temperature
makes it more creative,
a lower temperature makes
it more not creative.
But it's helpful for
if you want factual things.
If I'm using AI to ask questions
about some PDF, I gave it.
I definitely want the temperature to
be zero cuz I want it to be factual and
I want it to be real cuz as it
gets more silly and creative,
it starts making up stuff.
And that's called hallucination.
So the AI will hallucinate, and
that's actually a billion dollar problem.
There's a lot of companies out there
trying to solve AI hallucination.
Because it sounds plausible,
the census is coherent,
the grammar is correct, but if I fact
check that, that is completely wrong,
and even putting temperature on 0,
won't fix it.
And there's a lot of reasons because
of that, the training cutoff for,
this GPT-3 had a trading
cutoff in like 2020 or 2021.
So it knows nothing after that, and
even the stuff that it knows before that,
it's probably still gonna be wrong.
So there's a lot of ways around that but
yeah that's what temperature is.
It's the silliness level, or
the, I call it the fun level,
this crank it up to one
if you want a lot of fun.